c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\bin\Debug\StuIntSys.exe.config
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\bin\Debug\StuIntSys.exe
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\bin\Debug\StuIntSys.pdb
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\bin\Debug\StuIntSys.xml
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.Form1.resources
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.login.resources
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.Resources.resources
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.exe
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.xml
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.pdb
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.Welcomeusr.resources
c:\users\shubh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Forms.Ribbon35.dll
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.frmUpdate.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.about.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.help.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.frmGrading.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.frmSearch.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.frmstructvb.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.frmfacmanage.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.frmmanage.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.searchf.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.viewgrade.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.Pay.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.searchfac.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.salary.resources
C:\Users\shubh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\StuIntSys\StuIntSys\obj\Debug\StuIntSys.manageuservb.resources
